Documentation update (#308)
eProsima/DDS-Router: docs/rst/formalia/titlepage.rst

  6. **Dynamic topic discovery**: the user does not need to fully specify over which topics to communicate (i.e. provide
     concrete topic names and types). The discovery of topics matching the allowlisting rules automatically triggers the
     creation of all entities required for communication.

>   7. **Quality of Service preservation**: the DDS Router uses the QoS set by the DDS user network and keeps the
>      reliability and durability of the communication set for each topic. This QoS are also manually configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  7. **Quality of Service preservation**: DDS Router uses the QoS set in the user's DDS network and keeps the
     reliability and durability of the communication for each topic. These QoS are also manually configurable.
```
